website/docs: merge docs development environment and writing docs pages (#16402)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/developer-docs/docs/writing-documentation.md

If you encounter build check fails, or issues you with your local build, you might need to run `make docs-install` in order to get the latest build tools and dependencies; we do occasionally update our build tools.
:::

## Setting up a docs development environment

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) (24 or later)
- [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) (3 or later)

<Tabs defaultValue="macOS">
<TabItem value="macOS">

> Install the required dependencies on macOS using Homebrew:

Author: `make` is pre-installed on macOS and every linux distro.

For our technical documentation (https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/), the following commands are used:

> ### Building locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build locally
```

```shell
make docs
```

This command is a combination of `make docs-lint-fix` and `make docs-build`. It is important to run this command before committing changes because linter errors will prevent the build checks from passing.

### Live editing

```shell
make docs-watch
```

> Starts a development server for the documentation site. This command will automatically rebuild your local documentation site whenever you make changes to the Markdown files in the `website/docs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts a local development server for the documentation site. This command will automatically rebuild your local documentation site in real time, as you write or make changes to the Markdown files in the `website/docs` directory, and launch the build of your local docs in a browser for viewing.
```

Author: I've updated the language @tanberry - do you like the new version?

Reviewer: Looks great, thanks.
